What a son-in-law
Mom was confused for a while
Don't you have the same knowledge as mom?
Brother-in-law, you hit me well before
It woke me up.
I will definitely work hard in the future
Be your good helper
Wenjie, I misunderstood you before.
It's all my fault
I want to remarry you
I don't agree with that.
Your Gao family treated Mr. Xu like this before
I still want to remarry
Even if you want to get married
That person is also mature
What's up?
You were blind before
It doesn't deserve a truth like Wen Jie at all
Mr. Xu, I have brought my account book today
You can get the certificate today.
I also brought the account book
Kids make choices.
two
You have to stop
So vulgar
How can I deserve the responsibility of my unicorn?
Who are you?
Why do you say we are the grave of mediocrity?
Do you know who I am?
How dare you speak to me like that?
Mom, don't get involved in my own business
What? He's your mom?